(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(Episode 10)
Yes, sir.
The doctor won't let her go.
She's a cardiothoracic doctor, Choi Yeon Kyung.
It looks like she won't give up. What should we do?
Okay, I'll do that.
It looks like you should get treated first.
How will you treat patients when you're always trembling like that?
You jerk.
How much do you get paid from my father for this?
If it's not money, do you get a fancy car?
Did he say he would buy you a building?
Oh, my. You punk.
Take him to his room.
The doctor says it is endocarditis.
According to the doctor...
If it was all right for me to take him to the doctor,
why would I have called you?
He is my only son.
I can't let him live the rest of his life...
as a drug addict and a criminal.
Take this,
and leave.
I don't want to see you ever again.
Pour water in here and wait for three minutes.
You should count to 200...
after pouring in water.
Plug this in, and press the button.
After that, you wait.
One,
2, 3.
Four.
Five.
He looks better on the outside,
but he's become a really bad person.
Really?
He just passed you by without saying hello?
I told you so. He didn't even say hello to me.
That scumbag.
What would happen to Kkot Bun?
She always talks about him.
I know. He shouldn't have called her "Mother" in the first place.
I'm so upset.
You are, aren't you? I'm upset too.
It looks like you should get treated first.
How will you treat patients when you're always trembling like that?
Do you have any right to call yourself a doctor?
No, Jae Sook. You shouldn't drink.
It's not good for your liver.
I'll take care of myself.
Let's just have chicken skewers instead of alcohol.
Is it you, Yeon Kyung?
Hello, Jae Sook.
What are you doing here?
You should have dinner at home. Why are you eating out here?
The director was cooking something.
Yes. Why are you eating noodles and drinking soda by yourself?
If you're at a cart bar, you should at least have soju.
Ma'am, we'd like to have chicken skewers and soju please.
Jae Sook, Yeon Kyung doesn't drink.
As a doctor, she's prepared to perform...
at an unexpected place or time just in case she meets a patient.
She even has medical equipment in her bag.
But aren't you drinking too many sodas?
You can get drunk from this too.
Jae Sook, you should learn from her.
Why are you so talkative today?
She's a doctor, but I am not.
Gosh, you stupid man.
Do I deserve to be a doctor?
What are you talking about?
Heo Bong Tak is the one who doesn't deserve to be a doctor.
That scumbag. How can a man change so much?
That's why people say you shouldn't take in strangers to your home.
Pour me some drinks, stranger.
No, you shouldn't drink this. He was like that from the start.
He wasn't.
He has changed.
No, he was like that from the start.
Why do you keep taking the drink? He was always like that.
- No one is born kind. - He has changed.
- Why do you keep taking this? - I decide what I drink.
- Your liver is not in a good state. - Gosh.
Yeon Kyung.
(Haeminseo Oriental Medicine Clinic)
Gosh. What should I do? What should I do?
Hey, aren't you Bong Tak?
Gosh, you were here.
Ms. Kkot Bun went out to give you some snacks...
and fainted on the way.
Where is she?
Mother.
I brought snacks for you.
When you were little,
you wanted to have this so much.
You did not need to give me this.
Mother, I am sorry.
Mother, it is my fault.
It is all right.
The pulse is beating slowly.
The pulse of her heart...
is stopping.
Just wait a little.
Excuse me,
is anyone there?
Someone is dying here.
Is there anyone nearby? Please help!
Mother.
Please do not die.
Mother, mother.
There is a patient here.
Please send an ambulance.
I do not know where I am, but please send an ambulance.
Someone is dying here.
Mother is dying.
Mother.
I am sorry.
Mother, I am sorry.
I should have had only one glass.
(Haeminseo Oriental Medicine Clinic)
You're here.
I heard Ms. Kkot Bun has fainted nearby. I'm on my way there.
I'll go there.
Please call an ambulance.
All right.
Please help her! Is anyone there?
Someone is dying here.
Please help.
Mother.
Please, please help her.
Her heart...
is stopping.
Her pulse is too slow.
We need to make it beat normally.
It was my fault.
Are you done? Is she going to be all right?
No.
But the worst is over.
I called the ambulance. When they arrive,
she needs to go to the hospital and get examined.
(Shinhae Hospital)
Hey! How did the surgery go?
It went all right.
However, she might have an arrhythmia.
Goodness, she said it went all right.
My goodness, Dr. Choi's granddaughter...
saved Bong Sik's mom!
- It's true. - Yes, she's my granddaughter.
She had the capability to save a life since she was young!
Yes, you're right!
Goodness. Everyone knows that she's so competent.
Come on. Haven't heard that before?
- My goodness. - She has a reputation...
that she's so good at treating patients.
The surgery went all right.
Fortunately, there was nothing wrong with her heart.
She might be able to go home in a couple of days.
How is that patient doing? Is he all right?
As I had told you,
he could be in danger if he's not treated soon.
You'd better bring him to the hospital as soon as possible.
He's not your patient anymore.
If you cannot trust me,
I could recommend another doctor.
Have your shoulder treated too before it gets infected.
I'm sorry.
I knew how much you could get hurt by what I said.
You didn't say anything wrong.
When something like that kept happening,
I became worried myself.
I thought I might lose a patient at a critical moment.
Whether I could keep working as a doctor,
and whether I deserve to be one.
Just now,
you saved that old lady.
You're a great doctor as ever.
You will also be in the future.
I know you will come back.
You should just resent me.
Tell me I am a doctor who ignores a dying patient and lusts for money.
- You can turn your back on me. - I won't.
I will trust you and wait for you.
I know what kind of a person you are.
When my dad died when I was young,
a man gave me this candy.
That candy had a strange shape,
but I felt better after eating it.
Since then,
when I'm depressed,
or when I need to cheer up,
I eat candy.
Candy is...
for such occasions.
- What? - Gosh.
I got you, you punk!
When are you going to pay my 87 dollars back?
It's amazing that you recognized me at a glance.
Goodness.
I think you got the wrong person.
Way to go, punk.
You're a doctor who cannot take care of your body.
It's done.
So, do you like working here?
Yes, I do.
A doctor should...
not forget his original intention...
why he wanted to be a doctor.
By the way, where's the acupuncture kit you carried all the time?
- Pardon? - When you were with Ms. Kkot Bun,
you couldn't do anything and cried like a child, I heard.
Who says I cried? I didn't.
About the acupuncture kit,
I threw it away.
Good job, good job.
How can a doctor throw away his kit? It's just like his other self.
Now that you changed your clothes and everything,
did you feel it inconvenient to carry it around?
I forgot!
Bok Man must be waiting for me.
I promised him to make stir fried rice.
You should come if you'd like it.
Bye now.
Take care, sir.
He must have gotten an idea.
What was he thinking to throw the kit away?
It's not like...
it will ever go away.
A doctor should...
not forget his original intention ...
why he wanted to be a doctor.
Gosh! Hey!
Teach me medical techniques.
You're driving me crazy.
Please teach me, please!
- Gosh. - Please.
This is called jechim.
You use this to open an acupuncture point when the patient feels weak.
- Amazing. - Hey.
- Is it that amazing? - Yes, it is.
What's so amazing?
How can this long needle go into a human body...
and how can you treat an illness just by piercing the needle?
It's all so amazing.
- Do you want to hold it yourself? - Sure!
By the way, why do you want to be a doctor?
Who is it that you want to treat?
- It's my mom. - What?
I heard that your mom passed away.
I mean, people like my mom.
I won't turn my back on you.
I will trust you, and wait for you.
I know what kind of a person you are.
- Gosh, what is that? - My goodness!
- Gosh. - Hey! Stop!
- Catch it! - My goodness!
- Goodness! - What is it?
- Goodness, my baby. - Excuse me, ma'am.
You're not allowed to bring a pig to a hospital.
This one is not a pig. He's Bong Sik.
He's that lady's younger son.
Bong Sik, Bong Sik.
She's been waiting for him so much.
What shall we do then? Tell me.
- Goodness! - No! My goodness!
You shouldn't do this.
You're disturbing other patients.
You should take Bong Sik back home, ma'am.
Bong Sik, let's go home and wait for Mom, okay?
- Be careful on your way home. - Okay.
Gosh, Bong Tak. Have you come to see your mom?
Don't forget to come back home. We'll be waiting for you.
Bye, Bong Sik!
- All right. - Come back home!
Yes, I will. Bye.
Did you treat your wound?
If you didn't, I'll do it for you.
I can take care of myself.
I am not a child.
Go in.
I know you're here to see Ms. Kkot Bun.
(What are you doing?)
Dr. Choi, what are you doing?
You're following the precautions, right?
Have you gotten any closer with that mister?
(Have you gotten any closer with that mister?)
(You're taking the medicine in time, right?)
You're taking the medicine in time, right?
Did you two fight?
(Did you two fight?)
(Did he say that he had a fight with me?)
Did he say that he had a fight with me?
So I'm right. I was just trying to get an answer out of you.
(So I'm right. I was just trying to get an answer out of you.)
(Don't come to the hospital.)
Don't come to the hospital.
I won't even if you tell me to.
Please give this to Dr. Choi.
Okay.
Where's Dr. Choi?
- Strange seeing you here. - I guess so.
Can you be wandering around during working hours like this?
Can you?
I'm here because my patient canceled the reservation.
That patient made a reservation to see me.
Do you have time this evening?
Why do you...
We didn't get to throw a team dinner since you came.
I thought we could do that tonight.
It's to celebrate your joining our hospital.
I'd really like you to come.
Okay.
(What is a team dinner?)
Well...
What is a team dinner?
It seems like Dr. Heo's voluntary service overseas was fabricated.
There is no such name in that team.
You might get hurt if you try to open any door.
Is there a door you cannot open with your strength?
There are doors you're not allowed to go through.
You can simply come out if you think it is not right.
- That will happen to you soon... - Oh, sorry.
Yes, Director Ma.
Sure, I will be right there.
Chairman Park's son asked for the continuous treatment from you.
The patients know the best just how effective your acupuncture is.
I was worried my plan might go in vain.
I'm glad it didn't.
If this business becomes successful,
your future life will be on track.
7pm tonight.
I'll text you the location.
Bye.
About Chairman Park's son who came in yesterday.
I wonder what his illness is that everyone made a fuss.
They say it's endocarditis.
Endocarditis?
But you ordered to delete the record of his emergency checkup.
Oh, that.
Chairman Park asked me for it.
Wait a second.
He asked me to delete the record.
It means that there's something behind this.
The cause of endocarditis is...
So...
did you delete it?
Do you think I deleted it?
I saved it somewhere in secret.
Good job.
It is all done.
This is the end of your acupuncture treatment.
I know it's not done yet.
The treatment.
I...
I'll try.
I'll try it.
Stop the car.
Pardon?
Stop the car right now.
What are you doing? Let go!
Step back if you want to save this patient.
Hey. Hey!
Try escaping from my grip on your own if you want.
Let go. Let go of me.
Hey. Get him off me right now.
Why?
Can you not do it by yourself?
Until when...
Until when will you let others...
control your body and mind?
- What? - If you cannot escape now,
you will live this way in the future too.
You will not be able to see the person you miss.
You will not be able to keep your promise.
What are you talking about?
If you keep on relying on that mere drug,
you will slowly die...
without being able to do anything by yourself.
Do you want to live in regrets...
for what you did in the past?
The reason for your living.
Think carefully about that reason.
Please...
call my father.
I don't want to live this way anymore.
Please let me go.
What are you talking about all of a sudden?
You have everything you want.
What more do you want?
Father.
You think money can solve everything?
I can't even protect someone I love.
I miss her so much that I'm going crazy here.
What good is all that money?
Please.
Trust me.
Please, Father.
Mister.
You look so handsome today as well.
Hi, there.
I'll have the SSC cake.
Sure.
- SSC? - Strawberry chocolate cream cake.
Don't you know?
Then again, you can't even get people's numbers.
Come on. I know how to get people's numbers now.
And I know this cake too.
It is the sweet cake you eat whenever you feel...
It's best to have sweet cake whenever you're down.
You're right.
Goodness.
I knew it.
Hold on.
I'll pay with this.
Thank you for your order.
How did you do that?
Can I do it with mine?
Do I just hold this out?
Goodness.
Is it delicious?
This is it. The sweet and sour taste.
It's best to have something sweet when you feel down.
Try some.
No, I am fine.
- Open your mouth. - I am okay.
Hurry up and eat. Open your mouth.
Isn't it good?
It is good.
It makes me feel better.
Will it make me feel a lot better if I eat a lot?
Let us fly the sky today.
It is working.
Look here.
Oh, my.
Why did you make a face like this?
I did not know that you used that thing like that.
Gosh. Can't you be more photogenic?
This is nice.
You're looking at me like that again.
It is because you remind me of someone.
Who? Your daughter?
I do not have a daughter.
I am still young. Do not say that.
Then who is it?
There is a child who I could not keep a promise with.
Please live healthily.
What are you talking about?
Why did you fight with Dr. Choi?
Did she tell you that we fought?
Why are you two the same?
What else did she say?
Did I become unlikeable?
I want something.
You do not answer my questions and only say what you want.
You are just the same as someone.
Tell me. I have a lot of money.
It is very shiny.
It looks very interesting.
Please choose some heart shapes for me.
Heart?
Don't you know what a heart is? It's this thing.
Your heart?
When you like someone, your heart races.
Hearts also mean love.
I did not know that it had such a deep meaning.
This is pretty.
This looks like a Buddhist rosary.
That's not how you do it.
Among these hearts,
my heart is the shiniest one.
Then this one is mine.
Can you pack this in a pretty package?
Here, give this to Dr. Choi.
Why would you give this to Dr. Choi? This is yours.
It's a gift. Don't you know what a gift is?
What did I say about going straight?
You should apologize first, and give a heartful gift.
I will buy one right now.
Seriously.
I'm okay, so give this to her and apologize.
Make some progress, okay?
I'm going.
Do not run so fast.
I'm okay now.
Please tell her about my heart.
I told her to not run like that.
A heart.
I'm here because someone wanted to see me.
Are you Dr. Choi?
Yes, I am. Who are you?
Please treat my son well.
What?
He won't listen to me when I told him to go to the VIP ward.
I don't know why he insists.
He kept talking strangely about hearts and minds.
I don't know how his acupuncture affected my son.
Doctor.
What happened?
How did you come back?
Dr. Heo said that I had to go back to you.
He said that you were an excellent doctor.
Welcome back.
I'll do my best.
- Heo Bong Tak. - Heo Bong Tak.
("Chilgapsan")
Heo...
Mother.
Are you okay?
I will help you.
- Honey. - Dad.
- Cheers. - Cheers.
Dr. Heo, why are you not drinking at all?
Can't you drink?
It is not that I cannot. I will not drink.
Are you afraid of making a mistake?
That is not the case.
An oriental medicine doctor should feel the pulse and check the Qi.
It will be bad if my hands start to tremble.
Dr. Heo.
Did you say that you went to Cambodia to volunteer a year ago?
Cambodia?
Did you go to Angkor Wat?
In the last scene of "In the Mood for Love",
Tony Leung Chiu-wai places a secret message...
on the temple walls and leaves.
I was so moved by that scene.
I have always wanted to go there.
I haven't yet.
Of course, I went there.
There were a lot of pillars and people.
It was very nice.
You're here.
Hello.
This is my friend.
He went with you on the medical volunteer trip to Cambodia.
I called him because I thought Dr. Heo would be happy to see him.
You two also went to the same medical school.
I don't know. It's my first time seeing him.
Do you know me by any chance?
Well...
- Hello. - No, stay seated.
I don't know if I'm interrupting you.
No way.
I came to give you some money for your team dinner.
Thank you.
- Thank you. - My pleasure.
Who is this guy?
He's new to me.
He went to the same college as Dr. Heo's.
He did the voluntary service in Cambodia too, so I invited him.
So that they can catch up.
I see.
Then you must've taken lectures of Professor Lee Sung Hyun.
Yes.
He's the person who wrote Dr. Heo's recommendation.
- Is that right? - Yes.
We had many students in our class.
That must be why I couldn't recognize you.
It's nice to meet you.
What were you trying to do?
Do you realize what you just did?
Then what about you?
Do you realize what you're doing?
What do you mean?
You fabricated that man's background.
I know that you're working on a business in Gyeongin-si.
You're contacting people with high ranks to gain support.
By doing something you shouldn't do as a doctor.
Jae Ha, I'm not doing this to satisfy my greed...
when I'm at this age.
Don't you know it'll all go to you in the future?
Don't use my name as an excuse to cover your desire.
It'll be over next month.
Don't mess up with...
Bong Tak until then.
What if I do?
Will you...
frame me and kick me out like you did to my dad?
What?
How did you...
- Where did you hear such... - It won't be the same.
Like you said,
I'm different from my dad.
Okay?
Apologize first.
Make sure you prepare a gift to give her when you apologize.
- Ha Ra. - A pedestrian found her on a road.
She was found late as she was unconscious in a remote alley.
Her pulse rate and blood pressure are very high.
Ha Ra.
Ha Ra, pull yourself together.
Something's collected in her heart.
Her hemoglobin level is low at five.
It must be due to the bleeding in her heart.
We're going to the operating room. Hold it.
Can you feel my heart...
you fixed for me?
Will it be okay to operate on her?
Of course.
Stay focused.
Okay.
The patient was found too late, so her heart has been pressed a lot.
Her blood pressure will drop lower if we take much time on anesthesia.
It might cause a cardiac arrest. We better hurry up.
Scalpel.
Suction.
Gauze.
- No. - Please stay in the waiting room.
Let me go in.
I...
I am that girl's friend.
Please let me in.
I will stay quiet.
What is the problem?
What is wrong?
Where we operated on last time looks fine.
There isn't any bleeding in the cannulation site.
The pulmonary artery ligation site looks fine.
There's nothing except for...
the bleeding around the sternum and adipose tissue.
Then what is the problem?
I think...
it's a delayed bleeding caused by anticoagulant.
We'll stop the bleeding and suture first.
Bovie, please.
Ha Ra! Do you hear me?
Remember what I said.
It is your will to survive.
Do not give up on your will.
They'll be distracted if you keep on doing this.
Let's report him.
What are you doing?
Fight back.
You must fight.
Please...
You must live healthy.
Ha Ra...
Ha Ra.
It's done.
We stopped the bleeding now.
I will start the final stitch now.
Wait.
Just 10 seconds.
Let's watch for 10 more seconds.
Okay.
It's cardiac arrest.
Bring the defibrillator.
The defibrillator.
It's cardiac arrest.
What is that?
Her heart is stopping from beating.
Charge 17J. Shock.
Charge 20J.
Shock.
Charge 30J. Shock.
No, Ha Ra.
Ha Ra, please come back.
Please, Ha Ra. This isn't right.
Dad.
That's enough, Yeon Kyung.
- Stop. - Let me go.
Get up, please.
Can you feel...
the heart you fixed for me?
Yeon Kyung.
15-year-old female patient,
Oh Ha Ra,
has passed away...
on September 10,
9:17pm.
Doctor.
What happened to Ha Ra?
I'm sorry.
You're sorry?
The surgery went well.
But she had a sudden cardiac arrest after the surgery.
Despite cardiopulmonary resuscitation,
she did not recover,
and passed away.
Honey. Honey.
Why? I thought you were good at your job.
I thought you were skillful.
Save Ha Ra! Save Ha Ra!
Go back inside.
Go inside!
Ha Ra will come back alive. Go inside!
- Go inside! - Calm down.
Ha Ra.
You should take me with you.
You should take me with you, Ha Ra.
I'm sorry.
Take me too, Ha Ra. I want to go too.
Ha Ra!
My baby.
I keep my promises.
My promise to save patients.
That's why...
I became a surgeon.
I want to ride roller coasters with my friends,
and when I grow up,
I want to dance in clubs.
And I want to have a dream.
I'm sorry I was late.
Can you feel...
the heart you fixed for me?
Your heart feels warm.
Yeon Kyung, he seems all right.
You should stop playing mind games and make a move.
Yes?
Do you remember Chairman Hwang you met a few days ago?
He hurt his back while playing golf today.
I want you to come.
As I told you before, he'd be of help for you in the future.
I'm on my way to the hospital,
so I'll be there in five minutes.
No.
I cannot go there.
I have an important patient here.
What? What are you talking about?
(Haeminseo Oriental Medicine Clinic)
You came home early today.
Did you eat dinner? If you didn't, I'll set the table for you.
You must have really hated...
me until now.
What do you mean?
It would've been hard for you...
to take care of the granddaughter...
that killed your son.
Yeon Kyung.
How funny was it for you...
when that kid said she was going to medical school...
to become a surgeon to save lives?
That's not true.
So that's why.
That's why I was so crazy...
about the life and death of patients.
I didn't know that.
I thought I became an excellent doctor.
Yeon Kyung.
Listen to me.
That's not true.
You were right.
I don't have any right to be a doctor.
That's why...
I couldn't save a patient that I really had to.
Wait a minute. I have something to tell you.
Yeon Kyung.
Jae Ha, take me to anywhere.
It's all my karma.
It's my karma.
Yeon Kyung is receiving the punishment...
I should have received as a father.
Yes, Father.
It's all my fault.
Yes.
Why you ungrateful...
Yeon Kyung is here.
Do you want to eat chicken with me?
Yes, that sounds good.
Okay, let's go.
Goodness.
Yeon Kyung, do you like it?
Isn't it good to ride the motorcycle with me?
Yes, it's good.
Dad, my doll fell down.
- Dad, my doll fell down. - Okay.
Wait a minute.
Here.
Yeon Kyung.
I'll get it for you.
Wait for me here. Okay?
Yes.
Yeon Kyung.
Dad.
Jae Ha.
Can you stop the car?
I can't. I'll stop it a little later.
I need to get off.
Are you okay?
Hey.
Dr. Choi.
She said she doesn't want your help.
Yeon Kyung.
(Live Up To Your Name, Dr. Heo)
I will show you...
what I can do in this new world.
Don't avoid me.
Don't run away from me.
What if I Iose a patient at a very critical moment?
Can I continue being a doctor?